Welcome to our REPL! For this project we have a front and back end of the project. First we have the backend. There, we have our CSV Parser adn Searcher that can both Parse and Search a CSV. We additionally have handlers that deal with the calls to load, search, or view our loaded csv that are invoked when API calls are made. Furthermore, we have a Server that runs the entire program so that API calls can be made utilizing Java Spark. We additionally have tests for this backend as well. 

We additonally have a Front end part of this project as well in which we used react to develop a page that contains two main components, a history box and an input box. The history box functions by updating the history that is inside of it. It is contantly being updated whenever a command is inputted in the input biox and can change between ebing Verbose and Brief output. It starts in Brief output which means the History Box does not display the commands inputted. However, if you input mode or push on the down arrow, the mode will switch to Verbose, which displays the command inputted. Our input box handles all of the input including the textbox and the button. You can either click cubmit or the enter button to submit a command, which currently include load_file <<filepath>>, search <<search term>> <<optional column name or header>>, and view. Whenever one of these is inputted, our function map checks to see if it is a currently registered function and then runs the file that is that function, whether it be load, search, or view. Each of these functions is a part of the interface REPLFunction, and the unique thing about our program is if someone wants to add their own function to our program they simply would need to upload the file and register their command. They could also Unregister any commands they want using our unregister cfunction as well. Inside of each of these functions is an API call to the backend which then takes the results from the backend and prints them out in a specific way for the front end user that lets them know the situation with their command, whether it was a success or there was some error. The App puts every one of these components into place so that the page looks good.

Additionally, our front end includes many aria labels and other accessible elements so that any person who wants to use our program could be able to in an efficient and accessible way. 

For testing, we utilized a mock API that would print out what was loaded or viewed or searched. Mocks are helpful because we do not have to invoke the actual API and can isolate our front end for testing to ensure everything is printing out and appearing perfectly.

Overall, this was a successful front end and back end integration that we believe worked well and had a great time doing it!